1) Why are we here?
We want to be SDET or QA automation engineers.
2) What do SDET or QA Automation engineers do?
They test software. For example: websites like facebook or amazon.
They make sure that all the features work fine.
They make sure they look and feel of website is good.
3? Why we need Automation to perform a testing?
We can verify these things manually but if the website is big it will take a lot of time.
That's why we need to automate the testing of these websites.
To automate we need computers and a common language that we and the computer understand.
4) What is computer language like Java and why do we need it?
Just like we need a common language to talk to a person we also need a computer language to talk to a computer.
That's why we need to learn Java. Java is a computer language that we can use to talk to a computer.
What is a project in Intellij?
It's simply a folder where we will be storing our code. It will help us organize the code,
and it will be easier for us to find the code later on.

- How to create a new project in intellij?
1) click on file
2) click on new
3) click on project
4) a new window appears - enter the name of a project and click create
5) if you see a pop-up saying new window or same window click on same window

- How to create new packages (package is also a folder inside the src folder)?
1) right-click on the src folder
2) click on new
3) click on package
4) give name to your package and hit enter

- What is a class and why do we need it?
A class is simply a file that contains java code, and we create them to better organize the code

- How to create a class (a file that contains java code)
1) right-click on a package (class1)
2) click New
3) Java class
4) enter the name of the class and hit enter

- Important rules of Java:
1) All types of brackets must be in pairs: if we have 10 opening brackets - we must have 10 closing brackets as well.
These are the brackets that we can use in java: (); {}; [];
2) All Java lines must end with semicolon.
3) If I want to run a Java code inside a class - I must have main method (public static void main(String[] args) {})

- Shortcuts:
1) type main and hit enter to create the main method.
2) type sout and hit enter to write System.out.println()

VERY IMPORTANT:
1) Always keep an eye on course announcement channel
2) Always go through slides and videos that will be shared prior every class.
3) Spend at least an hour re-doing the things we learnt, after the class.



